Matches are an essential part of sports.
They give rise to competitive spirit and sportsmanship.
Moreover, matches are a kind of get-together where players, apart from playing and displaying their physical stamina, exchange ideas and information and have free and frank discussions among themselves.

Recently, I got the opportunity to witness a football match that was played between Khalsa Higher Secondary School, Qadian and DAV Senior Secondary School, Delhi.
The match was played at the playgrounds of SN College.
The entire ground was swept clean and the sides decorated.
There were chairs on one side and rest of the ground was open for the spectators.
Both the teams were in high spirits.
They were dressed in their school colours.
Both seemed to be equally strong.
The spectators were expecting a well-contested and lively game.
The ground and its surroundings were jampacked.
The match started at 5 p.m. sharp.
The DAV team won the toss and chose the favourable side.
Soon the referee blew the whistle and the match started.
They were hopeful of scoring the goal. During the first few minutes, the DAV team dominated.
They penetrated into the defences of their rival team but could not score any goal.
Anyhow, their splendid performance puzzled the Khalsa Higher Secondary School team and the latter resorted to a rough game.
They began kicking the ball at random.
But the captain did not lose heart and encouraged his team.
So the team was reinvigorated.
The Khalsa team soon recovered their lost position and in the heat of the moment they scored a goal.
There was thunderous applause when the goal was scored.
The whole team was cheered by their supporters.
But at the same time,
the right half of DAV team was badly injured and the captain had to play the double role throughout the entire game.
Soon the referee blew a long whistle and the first half was declared to be over.
Then, the players took some rest and refreshments.
There was a loud noise in the playground as the supporters of both the teams rushed to their respective sides in order to cheer them and encourage them.

Again, the referee whistled and the match started.
Now, the DAV team tightened their belts and played with determination.
The goalkeeper of DAV team also became very alert.
In the first few moments, the Khalsa team put pressure on the DAV team; their left half made three hits one after another at the goal of DAV but the goalkeeper of DAV team showed his extraordinary skill by kicking the ball back. 
At the end moment the DAV side took the ball to their rival side and within no time, their left half gave a pass to right half and the right half kicked the ball straight into the goal and the goal was scored.
Now it became a drawn game which delighted the DAV team also and this served to boost their morale.
There were loud cheers from their supporters.

Now, the game was passing through a crucial stage.
Each side was trying its best to score a goal but soon the time was over and the exciting finale was synchronised with the scoring of a goal by Khalsa team over DAV team.
This was a surprising feat that created a great sensation.
The winning team received deafening cheers from its supporters while the other spectators admired the courage and sporting spirit shown by both the teams.
It was really an exciting match and the spectators appeared to have enjoyed it very much. I was ver hsppy.